Add optional day about bare-metal Rust (#320)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/exercises/bare-metal/compass.md

# Compass

We will read the temperature from an I2C compass, and log the readings to a serial port.

Hint: check the documentation for the [`lsm303agr`](https://docs.rs/lsm303agr/latest/lsm303agr/) and
[`microbit-v2`](https://docs.rs/microbit-v2/latest/microbit/) crates.

> If you have time, try displaying it on the LEDs somehow too, or use the buttons somehow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have time, try making the LED in the direction of North light up.
```

Author: I'd like to leave it up to the student to play around and see how they'd like to use the LEDs and buttons here, rather than being too specific, seeing as it's an extension anyway.

Reviewer: Why make it up to the students when we can give them a concrete task? In my experience, people are not super good at coming up with these ideas by themselves :smile: People will have just seen the board and will only have a tiny bit of context. For that reason, I try to avoid being vague in the suggestions.

Reviewer: Okay, the first part is concrete for sure. But everything we write down becomes instructions for someone — either in your class or on the Internet. So that's why I'm suggesting to avoid vague language where possible.

It's not a big deal, I just thought it was easy to make the extra task concrete as well. My thinking is that the focus of the class is on using the microcontroller — finding things to do with the microcontroller should be our task and we should not leave it to the reader.

# Compass

We will read the temperature from an I2C compass, and log the readings to a serial port.

> Hint: check the documentation for the [`lsm303agr`](https://docs.rs/lsm303agr/latest/lsm303agr/) and

Author: Thanks for the feedback! I've added some more hints to the exercise. Part of the issue is that I2C is also called TWI (for historical trademark-related reasons I think), which is not obvious if you haven't come across it before, so I've added a note mentioning that.

COMP is a comparator, it's not relevant here. You can read more about the peripherals in the [nRF 52833 datasheet](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/pdf/nRF52833_PS_v1.5.pdf), but it shouldn't be necessary for the exercise.

I'd like people to get practice looking through the documentation so I don't want to give them the answer too directly. There are two ways I'd expect someone to figure out what they need to do:
1. Find `Board::i2c_internal` (as you did), see that that can be converted to either `twim::Pins` or `twis::Pins` (i.e. a TWI master or slave, now that they have the hint that I2C and TWI are the same thing), look up one level to the module to find `twim::Twim`, and see that that can be constructed by `Twim::new` with things that they have.
2. See that `Lsm303agr::new_with_i2c` needs something implementing `embedded_hal::blocking::i2c::WriteRead`, look in https://docs.rs/microbit-v2/latest/microbit/hal/prelude/trait._embedded_hal_blocking_i2c_WriteRead.html#implementors to see that `Twim` does so. See what `Twim::new` needs and figure out how to get them.

> Hint: check the documentation for the [`lsm303agr`](https://docs.rs/lsm303agr/latest/lsm303agr/) and

Reviewer: Okay, thanks for the hints. It'll be very interesting to see how the audience does in the trial run! :smile:
